clean up episodes: (#494)
carpentries-incubator/hpc-intro: episodes/12-cluster.Rmd

example) must be written to disk and opened with a separate program.

If you have ever opened the Windows Command Prompt or macOS Terminal, you have
seen a CLI. If you have already taken "The Carpentries" courses on the UNIX
Shell or Version Control, you have used the CLI on your local machine somewhat
extensively. The only leap to be made here is to open a CLI on a *remote*
machine, while taking some precautions so that other folks on the network can't
see (or change) the commands you're running or the results the remote machine

> sends back. We will use the *Secure Shell* protocol (or SSH) to open an encrypted

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sends back. We will use the _**S**_ecure _**Sh**_ell protocol (or SSH) to open an encrypted
```

Author: same as above.
Nested does not render properly.
Italicize the whole word and bold specific letter in the word for emphasis.
